
NOTE: This Practice exam is still under revision. Solutions, explanations and grading scripts are not yet available.
For more information, please check the release schedule in the course page.

Practice Exam 4 Environment and Guidelines:

Host Requirements: 

-You need four hosts for this practice exam. These should be named control, node01, node02 and node03.

-The hosts can have RHEL 9.4 and the Labs should work without issues, we used the following Rocky Linux 9.4 image
for setting up the lab: https://download.rockylinux.org/pub/rocky/9/isos/x86_64/Rocky-9.4-x86_64-dvd.iso

-All four hosts should have internet access to download packages from public YUM repositories.

-A 30GB dynamic hard disk can be used for the OS for each host. 

-2048MB of memory is enough for each of the four hosts.

General Guidelines:

Read Questions Carefully: Ensure you understand the requirements before starting to work on a task.

Focus on the End Result: While the end result is crucial, try to use idempotent Ansible modules when possible.

Grading Scripts: The grading scripts provided in this course might check not only the end result on 
the remote system but also specific module usage in your playbook, try to use the module that best 
suits each task. 

Working directory: Unless the task specifies another directory, almost all tasks use /home/ansible/rhce1 as the 
working directory for the files and grading scripts.

Naming Conventions: Name your playbooks exactly as instructed in the tasks. Failing to do so could affect your score since the grading script might not consider the solution valid.

Target System: Always ensure that you are performing tasks on the correct system.

Persistence: Even if a task does not explicitly state that a change should be persistent, always assume that it should survive a reboot.

Partial Scoring: Due to the way in which the practice exams are delivered on Udemy, this practice exam does not provide partial scores for tasks. You must complete all requirements for the grading script to consider the solution valid.
